Certainly.
Just because you are the master of the Ye family is enough
Why is that enough?
Your grandfather sorted it out back then
All the criminal evidence of the four families
When it is about to be handed over to the relevant departments
The evidence of their annihilation has also been destroyed
And this evidence has a nonsense
It's in the shipping bank.
The only way to get evidence is by identifying DNA.
For the descendants of the Ye family
That is to say
As soon as I have this evidence
The four families will surely die
Lei Shuang, why didn't you tell me before?
I said it was for your safety
Not only do I know there is this backup
Now that I think about it, I was wrong.
I should have told you earlier
What kind of person are you?
This person is good at concealment
ruthless
Who hasn't seen his true face?
It's like we've all seen him for what he really is.
What do you mean?
He has two identities
One is the leader and Tianba of the four major families
The other is another big one of our male colleagues
Entrepreneur as for who he is
None of you know.